Component Hot Reloading (#3910)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/components-concept.md

For more information read [Pluggable components overview]({{< ref "pluggable-components-overview" >}})

## Hot Reloading

> With the [`HotReload` feature enabled]({{< ref "support-preview-features.md" >}}), Components are able to be "hot reloaded" at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the [`HotReload` feature enabled]({{< ref "support-preview-features.md" >}}), components are able to be "hot reloaded" at runtime.
```

This means that you can update component configuration without restarting the Dapr runtime.

> Component reloading happens when a Component resource is created, updated, or deleted, either in the Kubernetes API or in Self Hosted mode when a file is changed in the `resources` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Component reloading happens when a component resource is created, updated, or deleted, either in the Kubernetes API or in Self Hosted mode when a file is changed in the `resources` directory.
```

> Component reloading happens when a component resource is created, updated, or deleted, either in the Kubernetes API or in Self Hosted mode when a file is changed in the `resources` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Component reloading occurs when a component resource is created, updated, or deleted, either in the Kubernetes API or in self-hosted mode when a file is changed in the `resources` directory.
```

> When a component is updated, the Component is first closed, and then reinitialized using the new configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a component is updated, the component is first closed, and then reinitialized using the new configuration.
```

> There is a short period of time where the component is unavailable during the duration of the reload until the component is reinitialized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The component is unavailable for a short period of time during reload and reinitialization.
```

> There will be a short period of time where the component is unavailable during the duration of the reload until the component is reinitialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a short period of time where the component is unavailable during the duration of the reload until the component is reinitialized.
```
